Document how to mount the shared directory on Linux at boot time (#793)
cirruslabs/tart: docs/quick-start.md

To be able to access the shared directories from the Linux guest, you need to manually mount the virtual filesystem first:

```bash
mkdir /mnt/shared
mount -t virtiofs com.apple.virtio-fs.automount /mnt/shared
```

The directory we've mounted above will be accessible from the `/mnt/shared/project` path inside a guest VM.

> To automatically mount this directory at boot time, add the following line to the `/etc/fstab` file:
> 
> ```shell
> com.apple.virtio-fs.automount /mnt/shared virtiofs rw,relatime 0 0
> ```

Reviewer: Should we make it an expandable [admonition](https://squidfunk.github.io/mkdocs-material/reference/admonitions/) so it only takes one line?

```suggestion
??? info "Auto-mount at boot time"
    To automatically mount this directory at boot time, add the following line to the `/etc/fstab` file:

    ```shell
    com.apple.virtio-fs.automount /mnt/shared virtiofs rw,relatime 0 0
    ```
```
